Error Drawing Visualizer - Grammatical improvements (#107868)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-maps/drawing-error-visualizer.md

## Setup

The downloaded zipped package from the `diagnosticPackageLocation` link contains the following two files.

1. _VisualizationTool.zip_: Contains the source code, media, and web page for the Drawing Error Visualizer.

> 1. _ConversionWarningsAndErrors.json_: Contains a formatted list of warnings, errors, and other details that are used by the Drawing Error Visualizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* _VisualizationTool.zip_: Contains the source code, media, and web page for the Drawing Error Visualizer.
* _ConversionWarningsAndErrors.json_: Contains a formatted list of warnings, errors, and other details that are used by the Drawing Error Visualizer.
```
Nonsequential lists must be bulleted.
